when a car maker plans to make its
entry-level model at a cost of more than
two hundred thousand euros then you
can't expect to hand out just any old
color brochure to customers for the
choice of paint or leather in this price
class you have to think a level higher
especially when each and every car is to
be a personalised one-off model
Lamborghini offers Guyardo buyers an
interactive animation program on the
Internet
to help them choose the equipment they
wish let's simply take a look at this
programme shall we
a Lamborghini test driver a dream job
here's what the pro has to say my name
is Mario fascinato I'm a test driver in
Lamborghini and I'm involved in the
research development so I developed
prototype of all a new car we will see
on the road in the future I mean this
factory since 1985 so it's a pretty long
time our factory it's a good example of
what can do the Italian craftsmanship
and how the technologies we can match
everything in good example of quality
and performance and yeah this is still
an Italian factory but we will have
anyway a big help from the LD
technologies the main thing for the new
car in the future I think it's make the
car lighter as lighter as possible
because that's LED let possible to
improve the performance and reduce the
pollution I think that it's a really
good opportunity for Lamborghini to
start to go into the race in the world
race and the Super Trofeo is showing
what the Lamborghini car are able to do
Lamborghini the legendary sports car
maker from Italy has been building some
of the most exciting cars in the world
since 1963 at its headquarters in Santa
gotta Bolognese in northern Italy
Lamborghini has opened a very impressive
museum the permanent exhibit is open to
everyone and covers the entire history
of the exclusive car maker
photographs illustrate the 47 year
history of Lamborghini the collection
includes the company's founder Ferruccio
Lamborghini born in 1916 design studies
contemporary advertising shots right on
up to the plants manufacturing process
the industrialist started building his
own high-performance sports cars in 1963
because he was dissatisfied with his
Ferrari Lambos history began with the
350gt in 1964 its v12 delivered 280
horsepower up till 1966 135 were built
it was followed by the 400 GT the 320
horsepower Gran Turismo was built 273
times its top speed was 260 kilometers
per hour
the first cont ushe and the LM double OT
are also among the many auto treasures
Lamborghini also built highly successful
engines for power boats
the production cars and the concepts
fill an entire story of the museum
Lamborghinis foray into Formula One
racing broth of no fame from 1987 until
1993 Lamborghini successfully built
twelve cylinder burners for Lola Lotus
leisure Minardi and the roofs in 1991
Lamborghini even started with its own
chassis esteem Madonna for Formula One
there was only one engine to build a v12
on the track the Italian race cars were
even able to measure themselves against
outies r8 in the GT racing series the
sporty future of the Aventador is still
wide open but they have already reserved
it a space in the museum the GT versions
of the super sportscar the Diablo and
its successor the more Sienna go were
much more successful out on the track
private teams to regularly bring a
Lamborghini to the start
it's easy to exceed the speed limit at a
lambda that does more than 300 km/h
Lamborghini even gives a car to the
Italian highway police to keep up with
such speed demons the first police Garda
with all that special equipment is also
part of the exhibit
some of the museum pieces and cars are
presented in a very unusual fashion a
guy Otto for instance drives across the
wall
a large part of the exhibit is devoted
to the many extravagant concepts and
special edition models the Riven tome
based on the Murcielago was turned out
22 times 20 customers bought one for 1.1
million euros that's per car
the prototype of a Diablo is a one-off
model the same as the Kanto designed by
Zagato
the Countach is probably the most famous
of all the Lamborghinis between 1974 and
1990 it was the brand's claim to fame
the brand symbol is and will always
remain a Spanish fighting bull
you